# Developer Advocate - Suganya Raju

{% include "../../../../../.gitbook/includes/this-page-has-been-archived.md" %}

* Supplier: Suganya Raju
* Contract Name: Developer Advocate
* Contract Date: 1st Jan 2025 - 31st March 2025

### Contract Details

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="144">Milestone</th><th width="102">Date</th><th width="440.5555419921875">Description</th><th width="180.3333740234375">Milestone Amount</th><th width="106.333251953125">Status<select><option value="tuQZQU0qZdoU" label="Not Started" color="blue"></option><option value="egD9AGmh1U3S" label="On Track" color="blue"></option><option value="Re3cd2eP2WaH" label="Complete" color="blue"></option><option value="bEAnsa2nIuMk" label="Delayed" color="blue"></option></select></th><th>MAF</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Milestone 1</td><td>January</td><td>Developer Experience Working Group:<br>Participate/Lead Developer Experience working<br>group. This task includes establishing the meeting<br>cadence as well as seeking participation. Developer<br>Advocates have received a block on the OSC agenda<br>to provide regular updates.<br><br>Onboarding New Developers: Developer Advocates will begin to connect with developers from the Community,<br>encourage attendance to Dev Ex and Technical working groups to bring developers to Core Cardano.<br><br>Developer Advocates are also expected to maintain<br>documentation specific to development on Cardano in<br>the developer-experience repository under the IntersectMBO organization on GitHub.<br><br>Meetings: Developer Advocates will establish meeting cadence for Dev Ex working group and 1-1 meetings as needed across multiple channels. Aside from normal check-in and OSC meetings, Advocates are expected to make themselves available to meet and onboard new<br>developers.<br><br>Community Engagement: Advocates will continue to<br>attend various Web3 events, seeking to enrich and improve the developer experience. Or each developer<br>advocate helps advance the OSO mission by assisting<br>OSO project support service requests in fulfilment of member engagement of intersect.<br><br>Feedback and Improvement: Advocates should search for/design future feedback collection tools and forms that are accessible and actionable. This begins with the State of Developer Experience Survey offered in Q1 2025.</td><td>1,666.67 ada</td><td><span data-option="Re3cd2eP2WaH">Complete</span></td><td>Not required — a single MAF has been completed to cover all three milestones.</td></tr><tr><td>Milestone 2</td><td>February</td><td>Same as above.</td><td>1,666.67 ada</td><td><span data-option="Re3cd2eP2WaH">Complete</span></td><td>Not required — a single MAF has been completed to cover all three milestones.</td></tr><tr><td>Milestone 3</td><td>March</td><td>Same as above.</td><td>1,666.67 ada</td><td><span data-option="Re3cd2eP2WaH">Complete</span></td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U9TyVcf2aL3cnbIxn2piig1Z7NxbDiBT/view?usp=sharing">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U9TyVcf2aL3cnbIxn2piig1Z7NxbDiBT/view?usp=sharing</a></td></tr></tbody></table>
