# What work has been completed since the start of Intersect

This page showcases the dedication and collaboration of our partners in driving the growth and success of Cardano.

## Contractual progress

Below is a list of completed projects and milestones achieved by our Cardano Continuity suppliers.&#x20;

<table><thead><tr><th width="165">Contract</th><th width="118">Duration</th><th width="114">Progress</th><th>Summary</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>WellTyped - LSM  1, 2, 3 &#x26; 4</td><td>24th Aug 23 - 13th Dec 24</td><td>10/11 Milestones Complete</td><td>This work develops new Log Structured Merge Tree implementations that will enable long-term scalability and sustainability for the Cardano node, by allowing large data structures to be stored externally to the node (eg on disk/SSD), but in a way that allows the data to be accessed efficiently when it is required.</td></tr><tr><td>EMURGO - Serialization Library, Yoroi Extension Wallet, Yoroi Mobile Wallet, Educational Materials</td><td>1st Jan 24 - 31st Jan 25</td><td>8/16 Milestones Complete</td><td>EMURGO produces Educational Materials which will cover every aspect of CIP 1694, testing and support of the Cardano Serialisation library, Yoroi Extension &#x26; Mobile Wallet.</td></tr><tr><td>Byron</td><td>9th August 24 - 31st December 24</td><td>Contract Complete</td><td>Refactoring of front and back end of Delegation and Voting GovTool pillars 2 and ongoing maintainer role supporting and maintaining GovTool delegation and voting pillars.</td></tr><tr><td>DQuadrant</td><td>9th August 24 - 31st December 24.</td><td>Contract Complete</td><td>Maintainer role for Cardano Govtool Integrated testing.</td></tr><tr><td>IOI - CIP-1649 , Backlog &#x26; Cardano Node Maintenance</td><td>1st Jan 24 - 31st Jan 25</td><td>Contract Complete</td><td>Enables continuation of development of CIP 1694 hard fork in addition to other development work to maintain the network.</td></tr><tr><td>Bitergia - Interactive Ecosystem Visualizations</td><td>Feb 24- Dec 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Analyzing the footprint and ecosystem network of a client's open source community on GitHub to identify collaboration opportunities, visualize resource interdependence, and integrate external projects into an open dataset</td></tr><tr><td>Tweag - Genesis</td><td>1st Jan 24 - 31st May 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Ouroboros Genesis mechanism: will enable new nodes to join the Cardano blockchain and bootstrap themselves without needing to rely on a trusted service. It also allows nodes to become disconnected and re-join the network in the same way.</td></tr><tr><td>Tweag - BlockFetch</td><td>20th May 24 - July 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Developing a modification to the block fetch decision logic to ensure analogous responsiveness from block fetch peers.<br>A report on how to identify a certain type of attack and what actions could be taken to mitigate such it.</td></tr><tr><td>Tweag - Identity Management</td><td>20th May 24 - Aug 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Tweag will provide IOG with audits for the Identity management script which is an overlay. This script thus relies on the latest PlutusV3 features around governance.</td></tr><tr><td>Galois - Halo 2</td><td>31st July 23 - 17th June 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Halo 2 eliminates the need for a trusted setup. Development of Zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs) for future interoperability of the Cardano economy. This contract supports work on repeatedly refining proof obligations until a base obligation can be discharged.</td></tr><tr><td>Tweag - OpenSource</td><td>17th Jan - 15th May 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Conducted an assessment and provided advisory services to Intersect to develop the vision and strategy of the Open Source Program Office(“OSPO”), ensuring a successful transition for Cardano into an open-source environment</td></tr><tr><td>Tweag - Guardrails</td><td>20th May 24 - July 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Tweag will provide IOG with audits for the Guardrail script which handles a filtering of users' proposals before being subjected to votes</td></tr><tr><td>DQuadrant Hard Fork Testing</td><td>10th May 24 - 17th July 24</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Supporting Chang hard fork development activities by performing regression testing and testing of new features</td></tr><tr><td>VacLabs - Ledger &#x26; Trezor hardware wallets</td><td>10th May 24 - 13th Mar 24<br>[Delayed]</td><td>Contract Completed</td><td>Ensuring the continued practical use of the Ledger and Trezor hardware wallets for the Cardano community and enhancements to support the Conway era</td></tr></tbody></table>

{% hint style="info" %}
This page is updated on a Monthly basis.
{% endhint %}
