# Intersect Administered Contracts

### This page shows all contracts being administered by Intersect.&#x20;

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="139">Vendor</th><th width="211">Contract Name</th><th width="537">Contract Description</th><th width="122">Contract Amount (ADA)</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Anzens Inc</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lDEcPuRZSbRX-LYJimuupK05j-d1RkBy/view?usp=sharing">Expanding Stablecoin / Cardano Native Asset Support / Fiat Ramps</a></td><td><p>This vendor seeks funding to:</p><ol><li>Drive real-world utility for USDA in cross-border payments, remittances, and enterprise settlements.</li><li>Expand wallet and custodian support for Cardano native assets (including USDA, a Cardano-native stablecoin).</li><li>Increase the availability of Cardano stablecoins and native assets on exchanges and OTC desks.</li><li>Build cost-effective fiat on/off-ramps for ada and Cardano native assets in frontier markets.</li></ol><p>By solving these problems, the vendor aims to enhance liquidity, accessibility, and adoption of Cardano’s DeFi ecosystem while bridging the gap between traditional finance and blockchain-based payments.</p></td><td>4,000,000</td></tr><tr><td>BLOXBEAN PTE. </td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v0bWeNYWnH9j8DdNvKO63hbiNDVBH2Or/view?usp=sharing">Java Tools Maintenance and Enhancement</a></td><td><p>BloxBean provides several essential Java libraries and tools for building applications on Cardano. These tools—CCL, Yaci, Yaci Store, and Yaci DevKit—require continuous maintenance and feature updates to meet the evolving needs of the Cardano ecosystem.</p><p>Under this Agreement, funding is allocated to support the addition of one full-time developer for a period of 12 months. The developer will focus on the following areas:</p><ol><li>Ongoing Maintenance</li></ol><ol start="2"><li>Feature Enhancements</li></ol><ol start="3"><li>Documentation and Developer Tools</li></ol><ol start="4"><li>Community Engagement &#x26; Support</li></ol></td><td>99,600</td></tr><tr><td>Cardano Foundation</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lfvlKmxnzxJi4ij4O96T49ShI9yeDd_0/view?usp=sharing">Cardano Summit 2025 and regional tech events</a></td><td>Subject to timely receipt of the Fees, the Vendor shall host a two day flagship Cardano summit and shall contract with various event organizers for the organization of regional Cardano events over several months.</td><td>6,000,000</td></tr><tr><td>Cardano Foundation</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rvTFLscZ6HJQBw8DYSRaNTOSj7f-cWKJ/view?usp=sharing">Unveiling the First Unified Global Events Marketing Strategy for<br>Cardano</a></td><td>To revitalize Cardano's global presence and foster ecosystem growth, we aim to sponsor, host and participate in a dynamic series of events and side events in 2025 and 2026. These events will target diverse audiences, including developers, enterprises, blockchain enthusiasts, and policymakers, to drive engagement, innovation, and adoption.</td><td>6,000,000</td></tr><tr><td>Catalyst FC</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tAL680o2lQiXuXlkeixuGp3Lm8LPgBMV/view?usp=drive_link">Catalyst 2025 Proposal by Input Output: Advancing Decentralised<br>Community Innovation Funding &#x26; Infrastructure</a></td><td>The Vendor will run a grants program known as Project Catalyst, which includes inviting interested parties to submit proposals as part of three funding rounds (Fund 14, Fund 15, and Fund 16). The Vendor, through its appointed administrator, will provide a platform to support the program, manage its operations and carry out all necessary activities to ensure the effective execution of the program—from fund launch through to project reporting.</td><td>64,300,000</td></tr><tr><td>Cooperativa de Trabajo Eryx LTDA</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eAL3X-vaEGceL7p-TQQZLulTk8WT50Uu/view?usp=drive_link">ZK Bridge</a></td><td>This Vendor will build a ZK bridge for Cardano, which Vendor will deploy on the Cardano testnet. As part of this initiative, Vendor will define a communication protocol for the bridge, provide the full source code of the smart contracts on the Cardano side, and produce comprehensive technical documentation detailing the protocol between Cardano and any other isomorphic blockchain.</td><td>700,000</td></tr><tr><td>Dmytro Stashenko</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HLCg8S5qP4VDlgslYG6iDSDbwxkCeuUE/view?usp=drive_link">AdaStat.net Cardano blockchain explorer</a></td><td>We propose to continue development and support of the AdaStat.net Cardano blockchain explorer for the next 24 months. Planned work includes performance optimizations, improvements to UX/UI, and new features related to Cardano’s evolving governance model and on-chain tooling.</td><td>212,000</td></tr><tr><td>FAIR IO</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ol4UYDxQ7LHPwru-fuKKyJSUPZkw5xlg/view?usp=drive_link">PyCardano</a></td><td>The PyCardano maintenance project, as outlined in the proposal, is structured as a year-long service level agreement. The core objective is to ensure the library's continuous reliability, compatibility with the evolving Cardano network, and ongoing support for the developer community.</td><td>314,800</td></tr><tr><td>Flowdesk</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KJ5qeG_cEKXZIBaMpROhyvXnpIUVCH3a/view?usp=sharing">Market Making as a service</a></td><td><p>MMAAS (Market Making as a Service):</p><ul><li>Liquidity Enhancement: Ensure, on a best effort basis, three Cardano Native Tokens (CNTs) achieve deeper liquidity on Centralized Exchanges (CEXs) with a minimum trading volume of $5,000, and maintain price stability within ±2%. Additionally, facilitate arbitrage-free token swaps on Decentralized Exchanges (DEXs) to optimize trading efficiency.</li><li>Cardano Project Agreements: Secure, on a best effort basis, contracts with three Cardano-based projects, each a  $7,000/month retainer for market-making services to support liquidity and price stability.<br></li></ul><p>This plan focuses on boosting liquidity, stabilizing prices, and expanding market presence for Cardano projects through strategic market-making and exchange listings.</p></td><td>126,000</td></tr><tr><td>Flowdesk</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Sa6dTK3qsahMnXdRagKKiEqQ5_ZLl_N3/view?usp=sharing">Ecosystem Exchange Listing</a></td><td>Top-Tier Exchange Listings: Aim to list CNTs on leading CEXs as agreed by the Parties to increase visibility, accessibility, and trading volume for Cardano ecosystem tokens.</td><td>3,000,000</td></tr><tr><td>Harmonic Laboratories</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ht5CNh9J1hciJen_y_7bKuo-62KXnTkL/view?usp=drive_link">Gerolamo - Cardano Node in typescript</a></td><td>The scope of the project is to create a Cardano data node that can run in the browser. Cardano data node implies a subset of features of a full node, mainly the ability to follow the tip of the chain and update the local ledger state accordingly, while replaying to queries from the end user. The ability to have a data node in the browser minimizes the trust required to interact with the cardano blockchain from any app that uses it.</td><td>578,571</td></tr><tr><td>Informatik Mündler</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1I7XNaLhNuNUpHi3I69F_U3gihT5TNgO0/view?usp=drive_link">OpShin - Python Smart Contracts for Cardano</a></td><td><p>OpShin is a toolchain that lets developers construct Cardano smart contracts in Python. The toolchain comprises several projects that aim to facilitate the development of Smart Contracts and dApps on Cardano. They are largely based on Python, or integrate well with it for maximal accessibility. On top of accessibility, OpShin ensures low transaction cost compared to PlutusTx. </p><p><br>OpShin enforces strict typing on the high-level programming: it implements a type system on top of Python type hints. However, all traces of typing are erased during compilation, for a maximum efficiency program. OpShin beats many programming languages when taken to the test for real use-cases.</p></td><td>199,911</td></tr><tr><td>Intersect MBO</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Cu_5tq3fvv8NXPEMGPhtF2kGWhVNKv82/view?usp=sharing">A member-based organization for the Cardano ecosystem-<br>Intersect</a></td><td><p>Execute administrator role for proposals funded by Cardano treasury which requested<br>Intersect to act as Administrator<br>● Through our members and committees provide support for Cardano’s on-chain governance (for ADA Holders, DReps, SPOs and CC members)<br>● Through our members and committees facilitate proposal creation for Cardano Vision, Roadmap, and Budget<br>● Steward core infrastructure<br>a. Maintain and govern the open-source Cardano node repositories, including the Haskell codebases<br>b. Coordinate and release upgrades proposed by ecosystem contributors, ensuring safe deployment, roadmap alignment, and stakeholder readiness</p><p>c. Provide stability and continuity across key engineering practices and upgrade cycles</p><p>● Provide easy participation via elected Committees and open working groups<br>a. Professional Coordination and support for 8 committees and 30+ working groups<br>b. Provide members tooling to participate<br>● Support the emergence of new institutions like MBOs or DAOs</p></td><td>15,750,000</td></tr><tr><td>IOE</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B7JOGsD5xwefRmcZvAfEDTN8R79qWz1Z/view?usp=drive_link">2025 Input Output Engineering Core Development Proposal</a></td><td>The Vendor will provide comprehensive engineering, maintenance, and development services to enhance and secure the Cardano protocol and its core infrastructure. The services are focused on delivering the community-endorsed technical roadmap and maintaining network stability.</td><td>96,817,080</td></tr><tr><td>IOG</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/16oTMu2wQwd9YLAixJ6_p_2Pcipq2sj1G/view?usp=drive_link">Input Output Research (IOR): Cardano Vision - Work Program 2025</a></td><td>The Vendor will provide a strategic program of research and development designed torealize Cardano Vision and place Cardano at the forefront of blockchain innovation. The services are designed to deliver foundational research and technology validation workstreams up to SRL5, alongside communication and dissemination activities.</td><td>26,840,000</td></tr><tr><td>IOG</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sfQlkpoc6klODgdXN_ekm1U5V79pDZLV/view?usp=sharing">Beyond Minimum Viable Governance: Iteratively Improving on Cardano<br>Voltaire</a></td><td>This initiative will establish a robust framework for evaluating and enhancing Cardano's governance system. We will identify and benchmark key governance metrics to assess the health, performance, and overall impact of our decentralized decision-making processes.<br>The resulting 'State of Governance' report will provide a structured evaluation of participation, track vital Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), map the evolving governance ecosystem, and pinpoint specific areas for improvement.</td><td>592,780</td></tr><tr><td>IOG</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rkTrpxMo1SwgyTr-nWA_SkSQ5czc2ZXd/view?usp=drive_link">Blockfrost Platform community budget proposal</a></td><td>Blockfrost aims to decentralize its Cardano Blockchain API through the Blockfrost Platform and Blockfrost Gateway, enabling a network of Icebreakers operated by SPOs and node operators to process API requests and share revenue. All components are open-sourced to ensure transparency and avoid vendor lock-in.</td><td>1,300,000</td></tr><tr><td>IOG</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TOq_sV6LHS2pwgQjOOCE4OzfclTgroFG/view?usp=drive_link">Catalyst 2025 Proposal by Input Output: Advancing Decentralised<br>Community Innovation Funding &#x26; Infrastructure</a></td><td>The Vendor will provide design and development services to deliver a comprehensive technical upgrade to the Project Catalyst platform. These services are designed to overhaul both the user experiences and the underlying engine of the system.</td><td>5,159,000</td></tr><tr><td>Maestro </td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/11bbcymve0mXfldbFLONtNpA8D-pMa8nB/view?usp=sharing">Complete Web3 Developer Stack to make Cardano the smart contract layer for Bitcoin</a></td><td>Maestro shall deliver a comprehensive infrastructure solution that positions Cardano as Bitcoin’s primary smart contract and DeFi execution layer. Leveraging Maestro’s enterprise-grade UTXO infrastructure platform, this integration will bridge Bitcoin's<br>substantial liquidity and large user base directly into the Cardano ecosystem.</td><td>600,000 </td></tr><tr><td>Midgard Labs</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dKDAvJL4VVaIIDzwesOji30TsAG7BOZi/view?usp=sharing">Midgard - Optimistic Rollups</a></td><td>Midgard is a modular framework for deploying optimistic rollup Layer 2s on the Cardano blockchain, designed to enhance transaction throughput, reduce costs, and enable advanced decentralized applications.</td><td>2,162,096</td></tr><tr><td>Midgard Labs</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IG0FYyemXkmh-Vdt1MWgCpvH0nKpWzeB/view?usp=sharing">Lucid Evolution Maintenance</a></td><td>Lucid Evolution is an open-source library designed to simplify and enhance the development of off-chain smart contract interactions on Cardano.<br>As the official maintainer of Lucid, Anastasia Labs is committed to evolving the library to align with the upcoming Chang Hard Fork, ensuring long-term support and usability for developers.</td><td>130,903</td></tr><tr><td>MLabs Ltd</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f_pL3EJz8JRrzZczzhSX831xR3llfX-W/view?usp=sharing">MLabs Core Tool Maintenance &#x26; Enhancement: Plutarch</a></td><td>MLabs LTD will provide continuous support including maintenance releases, bug fixes, and compatibility updates for Plutarch throughout the 12-month funding period. Future maintenance beyond this requires subsequent funding. MLabs LTD will ensure all supported tools remain compatible with up to two Cardano hardforks expected within the contract period.</td><td>243,478</td></tr><tr><td>MLabs Ltd</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1waJ32iMcmInA4l4kiuIV-IWsvJfxUKad/view?usp=sharing">MLabs Core Tool Maintenance &#x26; Enhancement: Cardano.nix</a></td><td>MLabs LTD will perform the maintenance and enhancement of Cardano.nix, a foundational toolset for building and deploying Cardano infrastructure with Nix. This SoW will cover regular maintenance to ensure compatibility with Cardano node updates and the Nix ecosystem, bug fixes, and minor enhancements to improve the tooling based on community needs and developments in related areas like Nix Flakes. MLabs LTD will ensure all supported tools remain compatible with up to two Cardano hardforks expected within the contract period.</td><td>45,217</td></tr><tr><td>MLabs Ltd</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Kpf-Hnd7CiXiPRwhzkI9t1hMIQpCOMnc/view?usp=sharing">MLabs Research towards Tooling for Elliptical Curves -<br>GrumpleStiltSkin</a></td><td>The Grumplestiltskin project is an applied research effort focused on building experimental Plutarch tooling to support parameterized elliptic curve and Galois field operations, and exploring the feasibility of zero-knowledge proof (ZKP) verification on Cardano. The work is not guaranteed to result in production-ready deliverables but will culminate in public prototypes, technical reports, and documentation of findings.</td><td>104,347</td></tr><tr><td>NFTCDN LTD</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Im4KxgmLxjCA02uHzkGfsMoFlKFiG7j5/view?usp=sharing">A free Native Asset CDN for Cardano Developers</a></td><td>NFTCDN propose to deliver a free Native Asset Content Delivery Network (CDN) for Cardano, by making their existing NFTCDN services free to use for anyone building on Cardano. NFTCDN has been operating since 2022 and provides fast, reliable and resilient multimedia and metadata delivery through a globally distributed CDN, enabling projects to display native assets effortlessly. By removing technical and financial barriers, NFTCDN allows developers to focus on product innovation and growth, accelerate time-to-market, and promote wider adoption and implementation of native assets within apps across the Cardano ecosystem.</td><td>605,000</td></tr><tr><td>Open Source Committee</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1U3A_9JFmqUWQadehdoC7bVuwVxh4vnbp/view?usp=sharing">Open Source Committee Bug Bounty Program</a></td><td>Bug Bounty Program - The goal is to Launch responsible vulnerability reporting, reward critical disclosures, and patch bugs. Funds will sit<br>in a treasury reserve fund and only be allocated based on approved allocations by incident reporting demand, if no issues are reported, all funds will not be utilized and returned to treasury.</td><td>600,000</td></tr><tr><td>Open Source Committee</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fCucmCZP0I3J3_eD0Qc3wYBMJuu57K5w/view?usp=sharing">Developer Advocates Program</a></td><td>Developer Advocate Program - The goal is to fund individuals to build reputation, visibility, and adoption for Cardano OS projects.</td><td>160,000</td></tr><tr><td>Open Source Committee</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/14V-38RFg8KOM51Di5ZH8NUoASiGbV3jq/view?usp=sharing">Open Source Committee Travel Budget</a></td><td>Open Source Committee Travel Budget - The goal is to enable OSC members to represent Cardano open source initiatives at global events, conferences, and partner summits, delivering public value back to the ecosystem.</td><td>250,000</td></tr><tr><td>Rainfire DAO LLC</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/14w_lvNVZJpB385NNz19y5FqQVSXGl8Se/view?usp=sharing">Cardano Builder DAO</a></td><td>The Cardano Builder DAO (CB DAO) is a smart contract-enforced, member-governed funding mechanism created to support the application-layer growth of the Cardano ecosystem. Its core purpose is to provide sustainable financial backing and strategic oversight to high-impact projects that are directly responsible for existing user adoption, on-chain activity, Total Value Locked (TVL), and ecosystem engagement.</td><td>12,000,000</td></tr><tr><td>Supplyoneers</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RNDZxjcXyX8tBEH4eUuKRl3WxjIIVo9r/view?usp=sharing">Cardano Ecosystem Pavilions at Exhibitions</a></td><td>This vendor will be booking event spaces and organising the<br>bespoke building of Pavilion stands, the funding will massively but not completely subsidise the cost for Projects in the ecosystem to have a presence at 6 exhibitions around the world. They will be providing support staff at the event, organise pre and post event activities to help projects learn how to make the most of these events. Some of the funding will be used to help part subsidise travel costs for Projects too.</td><td>889,500</td></tr><tr><td>Tastenkunst GmbH</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PI3SgPFH3AA1A5fe_5S0rw4RVOZmxj2W/view?usp=sharing">Eternl Maintenance</a></td><td>Eternl has been a reliable and community-driven Cardano wallet since its launch in 2021 . It offers a secure, feature-rich experience across web, browser extension, iOS, and Android platforms, serving both everyday users and developers. Maintaining Eternl requires €30,000 per month.<br>This agreement enables the vendor to sustain these operational costs, ensuring Eternl continues to provide reliable access to the Cardano blockchain for the community.</td><td>583,000</td></tr><tr><td>Tweag</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vytIb8c4RWpXMg4UMuRMnkBuihAJVHNi/view?usp=sharing">TWEAG’s Proposals for multiple core budget projects for</a></td><td>Tweag by Modus Create proposes a comprehensive suite of infrastructure services aimed at strengthening the foundational layers of the Cardano blockchain. These services are centered on delivering innovative, high-impact enhancements to critical components of the Cardano technology stack. By focusing on long-term utility and technical robustness, our goal is to support the ecosystem’s evolution through scalable, research-driven, and production-grade solutions.</td><td>11,070,323</td></tr><tr><td>TxPipe LLC</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZhjgN96JfSQz5KjgrDsRbVDXs2ODe6mM/view?usp=sharing">Dolos: Sustaining a Lightweight Cardano Data Node</a></td><td>This request for support focuses on Dolos (https://dolos.txpipe.io/), a lightweight Cardano data node, designed as a backend for dApps. It is fine-tuned to solve a very narrow scope: keeping an updated copy of the ledger and replying to queries from trusted clients.<br>Unlike a full Cardano node, Dolos is optimized for minimal resource usage while maintaining high data integrity and responsiveness. As an open-source project, Dolos has been steadily growing in adoption, with 366 commits, 367 pull requests, and contributions from 21 developers. It is becoming a key tool for projects seeking efficient blockchain data access without the overhead of full-node infrastructure. To ensure Dolos continues to evolve alongside Cardano’s ecosystem, we are requesting funding for the following roles: 0.5 FTE Blockchain Developer and 0.125 FTE Tech Lead.</td><td>220,914</td></tr><tr><td>TxPipe LLC</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KUTDZPQkPodGi0KhN7F2BYPnBqvX5at8/view?usp=sharing">Pallas: Sustaining Critical Rust Tooling for Cardano</a></td><td>This request for support focuses on Pallas (github.com/txpipe/pallas), a collection of Rust-native building blocks for the Cardano blockchain ecosystem. Pallas provides reusable components, such as cryptographic primitives and CBOR encoding, to enable the<br>development of higher-level use cases like explorers and wallets. The project remains open-source, and actively welcomes contributions from the broader Cardano developer community. With 591 commits, over 430 pull requests, and 39 contributors, it stands as a strong example of open-source collaboration in the ecosystem. Pallas is being used by key projects in the ecosystem such as Aiken, Lucid, Mithril, Amaru, and many others. To ensure its continued evolution and maximize its impact, Pallas requires ongoing maintenance,<br>updates, and new functionalities. We are requesting funding to secure the following roles assigned to the project: 0.5 FTE blockchain developer and 0.125 FTE tech lead.</td><td> 220,914</td></tr><tr><td>TxPipe LLC</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/13P6fJajKNCD0c-0rGLSWTMizrRbBsUIT/view?usp=sharing">UTxO RPC: Sustaining Cardano Blockchain Integration</a></td><td>This request for support focuses on UTxO RPC (https://utxorpc.org), an interface specification designed to simplify interactions with UTxO-based blockchains. U5C defines standardized methods, data structures, and communication patterns. By providing a range of<br>SDKs, and offering thorough documentation, U5C enhances reusability, interoperability, and performance in blockchain integrations. Currently in its early stages, UTxO RPC is already<br>being adopted by key projects in the Cardano ecosystem, including Lace, Mesh, Amaru, and many others. As an open-source initiative, it welcomes contributions from the community, fostering a collaborative approach to improving blockchain infrastructure. To support its<br>ongoing development, maintenance, and enhancements, we are requesting funding for the following roles: 0.5 FTE blockchain developer and 0.125 FTE tech lead.</td><td>220,914</td></tr><tr><td>VacuumLabs<br>Bohemia</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kvzPA_Q5O57LfvKTVfI17xmgtQ-P7TvQ/view?usp=sharing">Hardware Wallets Maintenance</a></td><td><p></p><ul><li>Update Ledger and Trezor firmware and integration libraries with new relevant Cardano features or breaking changes. Update also if there are any breaking changes in Ledger and Trezor core firmware code, testing suites, etc.</li><li>Update cardano-hw-cli to reflect firmware changes and to reflect user needs</li><li>Support Keystone developers while doing the changes above</li><li>Provide general cardano hw wallets maintenance, development support and bugfixing.</li><li>Order and manage external code audits for Ledger firmware code (Ledger requirement, has to be done by one of 2 certified auditors)</li></ul></td><td>424,800</td></tr><tr><td>VacuumLabs<br>Bohemia</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q0sjteDmAy55XWJ8_X55GZZrjRTS8kYa/view?usp=sharing">Ledger App rewrite</a></td><td>Work with the Ledger team to design a new architecture and UI for the Ledger Cardano app.The new Ledger app should be compatible with latest Ledger SDKs, libraries and testing suite. Implement and rewrite the whole application. Remove transaction streaming in order<br>to improve the user experience. Pass the external audit process. Support the Ledger team by the release process.</td><td>300,000</td></tr><tr><td>Vellum Labs</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aUDaJXsKyS4tDRin28VMYCgbHlqKledc/view?usp=drive_link">Developer-Focused Blockchain Explorer for Cardano</a></td><td>Cexplorer.io is already live and actively maintained by an experienced team of backend, frontend, and infrastructure developers. This proposal includes funding for ongoing maintenance, including server infrastructure, performance monitoring, bug fixes, and updates aligned with Cardano protocol changes.</td><td>266,667</td></tr><tr><td>zkFold SA</td><td><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XObgCGVjnvLBi-_okigZGha91SiGGe-9/view?usp=sharing">zkFold ZK Rollup - zkFold SA</a></td><td>zkFold will develop and implement ZK rollups on Cardano to scale it efficiently, promoting broader adoption and supporting an ecosystem of decentralized applications and services.</td><td>1,161,000</td></tr></tbody></table>

